[FLINK-20316][doc] update the deduplication section of query page (#14214)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/sql/queries.md

{% top %}

Deduplication can keep the time attribute of input stream, this is very helpful when the downstream operation is window aggregation or join operation.

> Both processing-time deduplication and event-time deduplication supports working on mini-batch mode, this is friendly to performance, please see also [mini-batch configuration]({% link dev/table/config.md %}#table-exec-mini-batch-enabled) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both processing-time deduplication and event-time deduplication support working on mini-batch mode, this is more performance friendly, please see also [mini-batch configuration]({% link dev/table/config.md %}#table-exec-mini-batch-enabled) for how to enable mini-batch mode.
```
